docs(geo): add geo-js geofences CRUD API docs (#3884)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/geo/js/geofences.mdx

## Provisioning geofence resources

## Manage Geofences in Your Application
The first thing needed is to provision a geofence collection resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Amplify CLI - Geo - Geofence Collection](/cli/geo/geofences) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](/lib/geo/existing-resources) and you have already setup [displaying a map](/lib/geo/maps) in your application.

> First, make sure you've provisioned a geofence collection resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Amplify CLI - Geo - Geofence Collection](/cli/geo/geofences) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](/lib/geo/existing-resources) and you have already setup [displaying a map](/lib/geo/maps) in your application.

Reviewer: The deleted text looks better and consistent with other pages in Geo.

import "maplibre-gl/dist/maplibre-gl.css";

async function initializeMap() {
  const el = document.createElement("div");
  el.setAttribute("id", "map");
  document.body.appendChild(el);

  const map = await createMap({
    container: "map",
    center: [-123.1187, 49.2819], // [Longitude, Latitude]
    zoom: 11,
  });

  const control = new AmplifyGeofenceControl({});

>   map.addControl(control);

Reviewer: Are we going to create another PR for adding docs for the geofence control docs?

Reviewer 2: Created here - https://github.com/aws-amplify/docs/pull/3911

![A Geofences Management Application](/images/geofence-management-app.png)

## Geofence API

> If you are using a different mapping library or have a need for a more programmatic approach to managing geofences, the `@aws-amplify/geo` package provides methods for managing geofences, but not geofence collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a different mapping library or have a need for a programmatic approach to managing geofences, the `@aws-amplify/geo` package provides methods for managing geofences, but not geofence collections.
```

First, you need to import Geo from either the `@aws-amplify/geo` or `aws-amplify` packages.

```javascript
import { Geo } from "@aws-amplify/geo";
// Or
import { Geo } from "aws-amplify";
```

### saveGeofences

`saveGeofences` is used to save geofences to your collection. It can take a single geofence or an array of geofences.

#### API

```javascript

> Geo.saveGeofences(geofences, options);

Reviewer: Show the return type in the API signature.

```

#### Parameters

- `geofences` - can be a single geofence object, or an array of geofence objects to save to a collection.

Geofence objects must have the following properties:

- `geofenceId` - a opaque and unique identifier for the geofence.
- `geometry` - a geometry object that defines the geofence.
  - `polygon` - an array of arrays with [Longitude, Latitude] coordinates.

<Callout>

NOTE: Polygon arrays have a few requirements:

- must have at least 4 vertices (i.e. 4 coordinate points)
- the first and last point must be the same in order to complete the polygonal loop
- vertices must be in counter-clockwise order

</Callout>

```json
{
  "geofenceId": "string",
  "geometry": {
    "polygon": [
      [
        [longitude, latitude],
        [longitude, latitude],
        [longitude, latitude],
        [longitude, latitude]
      ]
    ]
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: I doubt if it's much helpful here.

- `options` - optional options object for saving geofences
  - `collectionName` - the name of the collection to save geofences to.

>     - Defaults to the default collection listed in your `aws-exports.js` file after provisioning a geofence collection resource.

Reviewer: This should be a continuation of the previous item and not starting a new sublist.

```js
{
  collectionName: "myCollection";
}

> ```

Reviewer: Same, I don't see any value added here.

#### Return

> The return from `saveGeofences` is a Promise that resolves to an object with both successes and errors for geofences that were successfully created or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return from `saveGeofences` is a Promise that resolves to `SaveGeofenceResults` which contains both successes and errors for geofences that were successfully created or failed.
```

Each success object has the following properties:

- `geofenceId` - the geofenceId of the geofence that was saved.
- `createTime` - the time the geofence was created.
- `updateTime` - the time the geofence was last updated.

Each error object has the following properties:

- `geofenceId` - the geofenceId of the geofence that failed to be saved.
- `error` - an error object

>   - `code` - the error code

Reviewer: Need to add the potential values for developers to code against. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/location-geofences/latest/APIReference/API_BatchItemError.html ??

  - `message` - the error message

```js
// Promise<SaveGeofenceResults>
{
  successes: [
    {
      geofenceId: "string",
      createTime: Date,
      updateTime: Date,
    },
  ],
  errors: [
    {
      error: {
        code: "string",
        message: "string",
      },
      geofenceId: "string",
    },
  ],
};

> ```

Reviewer: We should be able to remove this.

#### Example

```js
let saveGeofenceResults;
try {
  saveGeofenceResults = await Geo.createGeofence({
    geofenceId: "my-geofence",
    geometry: {
      polygon: [
        [-123.14695358276366, 49.290090146520434],
        [-123.1358814239502, 49.294960279811974],
        [-123.15021514892577, 49.29300108863353],
        [-123.14909934997559, 49.29132171993048],
        [-123.14695358276366, 49.290090146520434],
      ],
    },
  });
} catch (error) {

>   // error handling from logic and validation issues within `createGeofences`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // errors thrown by input validations of `createGeofence`
```

  throw error;
}

if (saveGeofenceResults.errors.length > 0) {
  // error handling that are from the underlying API calls
  throw new Error();

> }

Reviewer: Whether to throw here or not is an application level logic. We should just print out the number of successes and errors to show how to access the response object.

```

### getGeofence

> `geoGeofence` is used to get a single geofence object from a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`geoGeofence` is used to get a single geofence from a collection.
```

#### API

```javascript

> Geo.getGeofence(geofenceId, options);

Reviewer: All of the APIs need to show a return type.

```

#### Parameters

> - `geofenceId` - the `geofenceId` of the geofence to get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `geofenceId` - the `id` of the geofence to get.
```

> - `options` - optional options object for saving geofences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options` - optional options object for getting a geofence
```

>   - `collectionName` - the name of the collection to save geofences to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `collectionName` - the name of the collection to get geofence from.
```

    - Defaults to the default collection listed in your `aws-exports.js` file after provisioning a geofence collection resource.

> ```js
> {
>   collectionName: "myCollection";
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
